A. Welcome to our photo club.
Do you like taking photos? Would you like to learn more about how to take good photos?
Or how to make them better? Come to our photo club on Thursday evening and find out.
B. Dance to the music of the world.
Have you ever listened to music from Africa or South America?
Do you like American pop or rock? And do you like to dance?
If you love listening to music from countries all around the world, car along every Wednesday
evening, listen to new songs and learn how to dance.
C. Film Night
Tuesday night is film night. Come and watch the latest films. Enjoy them with your friends.
Talk about them in the end. All without going to a cinema in the city centre.